Add docs (#5)
deckhouse/csi-nfs: docs/README.md

---
title: "The csi-nfs module"
description: "The csi-nfs module: General Concepts and Principles."
moduleStatus: experimental
---

This module provides CSI that manages volumes based on `NFS`. 

> > **Caution!** The user is not allowed to create a `StorageClass` for the nfs.csi.storage.deckhouse.io CSI driver.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Caution!** The user is not allowed to create a `StorageClass` for the nfs.csi.k8s.io CSI driver.
```
